Fix broken links in README (#160)
bakdata/kpops: README.md

[![Latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/bakdata/kpops)](https://github.com/bakdata/kpops/releases/latest)
[![Build status](https://github.com/bakdata/kpops/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/bakdata/kpops/actions/workflows/ci.yaml)

## Key features

- **Deploy Kafka apps to Kubernetes**: KPOps allows to deploy consecutive Kafka Streams applications and producers using an easy-to-read and -write pipeline definition.

> - **Manage Kafka Connectors**: KPOps connects with your Kafka connect cluster and applies, validates, and deletes your connector configs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Manage Kafka Connectors**: KPOps connects with your Kafka Connect cluster and deploys, validates, and deletes your connectors.
```
